Alternative intro (#270)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/index.md

--8<-- "docs/.partials/index-header.html"

> **PydanticAI is a Python Agent Framework designed to make it less painful to build production grade applications with Generative AI.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**PydanticAI is a Python Agent Framework designed to make it less painful to build production-ready applications with Generative AI.**
```

Author: changed to `agent framework`, kept `production grade`.

> FastAPI revolutionized web development by offering an innovative and ergonomic design, built on the foundation of [Pydantic](https://docs.pydantic.dev).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) revolutionized web development by offering an innovative and ergonomic design, built on the foundation of [Pydantic](https://docs.pydantic.dev).
```

Author: I don't think the first link in the page should be to an external project.

> Similarly, virtually every Agent Framework and LLM library in Python uses Pydantic, yet when we began to use LLMs in [Pydantic Logfire](https://pydantic.dev/logfire), we couldn't find anything that gave me the same feeling.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Similarly, virtually every Agent Framework and LLM library in Python uses Pydantic, yet when we began to use LLMs in [Pydantic Logfire](https://pydantic.dev/logfire), we couldn't find anything that gave us the same feeling.
```

> We built PydanticAI with one simple aim: to bring the same feeling you get building with FastAPI to GenAI app development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We built PydanticAI with one simple aim: to bring that FastAPI feeling to GenAI app development.
```

Just trying to tighten this up, and make it punchier. IDK if the shorthand 'FastAPI feeling' is too much focus on them?
